INTROD UOTION. II. xxxvii

materials collected by him may have been worked
up by other hands into something like the form in
which we have them in their Latin dress. In dealing
'arith this question we may do best to consider first
the other parts of Livy's story, where Rome itself is
the 'centro of the soene, and the information must
have come from Roman sources. What were the
authorities which could be consulted here, and in
what way do they seem to have been used'l lt is
needfnl perhaps here to enter into more details.

⁷. In early ages it had been the practice to put
out an official register of the names of the magis-
trates elected, with some sort of scanty calendar of
general news. The priests were in Rome', as osten
elsewhere, the earliest chroniclers, and the meagre
notices which the chief Pontiff (Pomfeoe summus)
posted on a. whibened boerd, grew lengthier as time
went on, and the practice of registration became more
complete. The maberisls thus collected year by year
were the groundwork of a national . chronicle, which
was kept in the Archives of the Pontiffis‚ and formed

at the period of the last revision a series of some
eighty books. In form it was a. sort of diary on

which were nooed the results of the electionS, and
the chief events of nationsl importance. In the in-
terests of the priesthood it was natural to find room
for all the matters which especially concerned them5
the august ceremonials of the state religion: the
eclipses of the sun and moon ε the fasts and feasts

